Assignment Instructions

For this assignment, you will access your local machine or Glitch to create a web page.

Create a website using Visual Studio Code based on the following requirements. The theme of this page can be any topic that you would feel comfortable presenting to a recruiter or employer. (Note that the goal here is not a creative visual presentation, but simply demonstrating HTML features.)

    √ Create a page file named “ourteam.html” that includes the standard HTML document structure (Control-Spacebar).
    √ Create a file named “styles.css” and link it in the Head section of ourteam.html.
    Add the following features to the ourteam.html page:
        √ Create a div-based container (flexbox) to display the members of the team.
            √ Set the ID for the container to “teamdisplay”.
        √ Create divs to display 4 team members, each with the following details:
            √ Name
            √ Image (use images of people from Google Image Search Links to an external site.)
            √ Department, Role, or Title
            √ Brief Description (10-12 words)
            √ Email Address
    Add the following CSS tags to the styles.css file:
        √ Create a flexbox for the container “teamdisplay”.
        √ Using flexbox settings, display each member of the team with a background color and text color.
        √ Leave a 10px gap between each member of the team in the display.
        √ Set justify-content to center.
        √ Set flex-direction to row.
        √ Other settings are at your discretion.
    √ Create a page file named “media.html” that includes the standard HTML document structure (Control-Spacebar). (This page will show images of various products in use.)
    √ Create a grid container (div) to display 6 images in a 2-column layout.
    Add the following CSS tags to the styles.css file:
        √ Create a container called “media-container”.
        √ Set the display to grid.
        √ Set column widths to a max size of 90 pixels.
        √ Set a background color of light green.
        √ Align text to center.
        √ Set padding of 20 pixels.
        √ Set a border color of blue and a border width of 2 pixels.

Note: Any unspecified details are at the discretion of the student.
